Respected sir Or madam... I am Kirankumar Gangoor Currently I am pursuing CSE B tech in Dayananda Sagar University ... I have been looking for a internship which will help me for my upcoming future... So coming to my side I am a full stack web developer I am interested in Full Stack web development... I had 6 months experience in working in Full stack web development field.. I familiar HTML, CSS,JS, REACT JS, Django, Bit of Android development, Python, C programming,Tailwind Css, Node js and Express Js. Which is being very helpful in creating my projects... I had done many projects in this field itself.. I have made Tic toc game using HTML, CSS AND JS.. Coming to second project it is of A music player Using the same HTML CSS AND Js and I have created my own portfolio with React js and Tailwind Css.. I have created a QR code generation using HTml css and js... Then I have created zomato clone using tailwind css.. Then coming to last project it is of chat application using Node js and Socket io.. 
I am currently working on Django and creating a project with the help of that.. And know the intermediate knowledge of Fire base which is helping me alot in google sign and authentication... 


Coming to how I initialize my project is  Start with research and preplanning then i will draw a rough idea about project then I will take some  suggestions from my friends or the faculties which would help me in drawing the outline of the project... 
Then I which tool to use for creation in front end and also back end... I know that if I start project I will look it up daily and planning for it and if struct anywhere I will take help from friends or faculties.. Which will make me a take a step head.. Then after a complete plan I will start and complete with a very inquisitive way... 
I am an 
Enthusiastic Web Developer with more than
6 months of experience in working with
projects. Skilled in building Websites and
problem solving .Seeking a internship where
I can leverage my skills to contribute to the
company's success. If you are looking for a
great ideas on development you can pick
me up.
I am sure that I will not make you disappoint
in picking me up..
Thank You!
